The COTS server, otherwise known as Rainier has a number of unique features
which can be controlled by environment variables.

1. Setting the mode for the SFP+ ports:

	Each group of four SFP+ ports can run in one of several modes.  The
	default is for them to behave as standard 10G SFP+ ports however it
	is also possible to put them into a 40G XLAUI mode or 1G 1000Base-X mode.

	In order to put the ports into 40G mode set the environment variables
	sfp_left or sfp_right to "40g". For 10g mode, set it to "10g", and
	for gigabit mode, set it to "1g".

	After setting the environment variable run the "saveenv" command so
	that the new configuration will take effect after the next reset.

	In order for XLAUI to work with an XLAUI port a QSFP to SFP cable or
	a fiber optic breakout cable needs to be used.  The order in which
	the SFP+ cables or optical cables are connected does not matter as
	long as they are all connected to SFP+ ports 0 to 3 or 4 to 7.

	For example:

		Octeon rainier# setenv sfp_left 10g
		Octeon rainier# setenv sfp_right 40g
		Octeon rainier# saveenv

	U-Boot now attempts to automatically enable autonegotiation for all
	SFP slots when running in 1g mode unless it detects a SFP to RJ45
	module since autonegotiation does not work with these modules.  The
	autonegotiation can be overridden by setting the environment variable
	octethX_autoneg to "yes" or "no". The settings will take effect after
	saving the environment variables and resetting the device.

	For example:

		Octeon rainier# setenv octeth2_autoneg no
		Octeon rainier# setenv octeth3_autoneg yes
		Octeon rainier# saveenv

2. Quieting the fans:

	The fans on the server can be quieted by setting the environment
	variable "quietfan" to 1 and saving it. At this time this feature
	is not enabled by default because the fan controller does not
	behave like the data sheet says it should.  More testing is required
	to make sure that the current configuration will keep the Octeon
	processor adequately cooled in all conditions.

	For example:

		Octeon rainier# setenv quietfan yes
		Octeon rainier# saveenv

3. Management ports:

	Currently the two management ports are configured as standard SGMII
	ports.  In the future this may change and they may instead be
	connected using the MIX interface.  This will make it easier
	to mix running Linux and Simple Executive applications.

4. SFP+ module types
	Numerous changes were made to U-Boot in order to automatically detect
	whether a SR, LR, active copper or passive copper module has been
	plugged in and to put the phy port in the appropriate mode.  Currently
	this has been tested with SR, active copper and twinax copper but
	not LR modules.
